test/Kirchhoff_migration/README.md, before:

# Example for Solver only mode

This example shows how to use the Solver only mode of the tool.

## compile TOMOATT with solver_only executable

Uncomment "src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx" and "src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx" in CMakeLists.txt to compile the solver_only executable as below.

```cmake
# add one by one
set(APP_SOURCES
  src/TOMOATT.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx
  #src/SrcRecWeight.cxx
  )
```

Then recompile the code in the build directory.


## pre calculation of source boudary conditions

As the 2d solver is not parallelized for one single teleseismic source yet, what user can do is calculate multiple teleseismic sources at the same time using simultaneous run.
The precalculation of source boundary conditions can be done by running the following command:

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_2d_precalc -i input_params_pre.yml
```

## run the solver_only executable

Before running the solver_only executable, you need to prepare the input files by running:
    
```python
python make_test_model.py
```

This creates a src_only_test.dat which includes 8 sources without any receiver.

Then run the solver_only executable as below.

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_solver_only -i src_only_test.dat
```

## check the output files
The result file can be visualize with paraview:
```bash
paraview OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim.xmf
```
or directly open with python etc. Please refer the check_3d_out.ipynb for more details.

Commit message:

finish first implementation and added test

test/Kirchhoff_migration/README.md, after:

# Example for Kirchhoff migration mode

This example shows how to use the Kirchhoff migration mode in TOMOATT.

## compile TOMOATT with Kirchhoff migration mode

Uncomment "src/TOMOATT_km.cxx" and "src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx" in CMakeLists.txt to compile the solver_only executable as below.

```cmake
# add one by one
set(APP_SOURCES
  src/TOMOATT.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_km.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx
  #src/SrcRecWeight.cxx
  )
```

Then recompile the code in the build directory.

``

## run the Kirchhoff migration executable

Before running the km executable, you need to prepare the input files by running:
    
```python
python make_test_model.py
```

This creates a src_rec_file.dat which includes 8 sources without any receiver.

Then run the solver_only executable as below.

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_km -i input_params_pre
```

Below is the output files from this example:
- OUTPUT_FILES : directory containing the output files from forward simulation
  - src_rec_file_forward.dat : new src rec file which includes calculated traveltimes at the receivers
  - out_data_sim.xmf : index file for paraview visualization.
  - out_data_sim.h5 : this includes traveltime fields from forward simulation. 

Contents of out_data_sim.h5:
```
/                        Group
/src_0                   Group 
/src_0/T_res_inv_0000    Dataset {28050} (1d travel time array for paraview visualization)
/src_0/T_res_merged_inv_0000 Dataset {10, 50, 50} (3d travel time array (already merged) for users)
```

- OUTPUT_FILES_back : directory containing the output files from backward simulation
  - out_data_sim.h5 : this includes traveltime fields from backward simulation.
  - out_data_sim.xmf : index file for paraview visualization.
