test/only_source/README.md, before:

# Example for Solver only mode

This example shows how to use the Solver only mode of the tool.

## compile TOMOATT with solver_only executable

Uncomment "src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx" in CMakeLists.txt to compile the solver_only executable as below.

```cmake
# add one by one
set(APP_SOURCES
  src/TOMOATT.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx
  #src/SrcRecWeight.cxx
  )
```

Then recompile the code in the build directory.

## run the solver_only executable

Before running the solver_only executable, you need to prepare the input files by running:
    
```python
python make_test_model.py
```

This creates a src_only_test.dat which includes 8 sources without any receiver.

Then run the solver_only executable as below.

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_solver_only -i src_only_test.dat
```

## check the output files
The result file can be visualize with paraview:
```bash
paraview OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim.xmf
```
or directly open with python etc. Please refer the check_3d_out.ipynb for more details.

Commit message:

add precalculation mode for teleseismic sources

test/only_source/README.md, after:

# Example for Solver only mode

This example shows how to use the Solver only mode of the tool.

## compile TOMOATT with solver_only executable

Uncomment "src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx" and "src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx" in CMakeLists.txt to compile the solver_only executable as below.

```cmake
# add one by one
set(APP_SOURCES
  src/TOMOATT.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_solver_only.cxx
  src/TOMOATT_2d_precalc.cxx
  #src/SrcRecWeight.cxx
  )
```

Then recompile the code in the build directory.


## pre calculation of source boudary conditions

As the 2d solver is not parallelized for one single teleseismic source yet, what user can do is calculate multiple teleseismic sources at the same time using simultaneous run.
The precalculation of source boundary conditions can be done by running the following command:

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_2d_precalc -i input_params_pre.yml
```

## run the solver_only executable

Before running the solver_only executable, you need to prepare the input files by running:
    
```python
python make_test_model.py
```

This creates a src_only_test.dat which includes 8 sources without any receiver.

Then run the solver_only executable as below.

```bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/bin/TOMOATT_solver_only -i src_only_test.dat
```

## check the output files
The result file can be visualize with paraview:
```bash
paraview OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim.xmf
```
or directly open with python etc. Please refer the check_3d_out.ipynb for more details.
