examples/inversion_teleseis/README.md, before:

# Inversion test 

This is a test setup for inversion calculation with teleseismic events.

![](img/result_fun.png)

1. Run all cells of `make_test_model.ipynb` or run the script `make_test_model.py` for creating
    - source, receiver file (src_rec_test.dat)
    - true model (test_model_true.h5)
    - initial model (test_model_init.h5)

2. then run TOMOATT forward with `input_params_pre.yml` for calculating the true arrival times at the stations.
Result travel time at the stations is saved in the file `src_rec_test_out.dat`  
Following command will run the forward simulation with the true model
``` bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/TOMOATT -i input_params_pre.yml
```
Volumetric output data is saved in the file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.h5`.
This file may be visualized by paraview with opening the index file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.xmf`.
  
3. run TOMOATT in inversion mode with `input_params.yml`, by the command
``` bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/TOMOATT -i input_params.yml
```
The volumetric output data is again saved in the file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.h5`.

Commit message:

add description about output data

examples/inversion_teleseis/README.md, after:

# Inversion test 

This is a test setup for inversion calculation with teleseismic events.

![](img/result_fun.png)

1. Run all cells of `make_test_model.ipynb` or run the script `make_test_model.py` for creating
    - source, receiver file (src_rec_test.dat)
    - true model (test_model_true.h5)
    - initial model (test_model_init.h5)

2. then run TOMOATT forward with `input_params_pre.yml` for calculating the true arrival times at the stations.
Result travel time at the stations is saved in the file `src_rec_test_out.dat`  
Following command will run the forward simulation with the true model
``` bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/TOMOATT -i input_params_pre.yml
```
Volumetric output data is saved in the file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.h5`.
This file may be visualized by paraview with opening the index file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.xmf`.

For teleseismic event, at first TomoATT run a 2d eikonal solver for creating 2d traveltime field between source position and boundaries of 3D simulation domain. This 2d time travel field data (2d_travel_time_field_0.h5) is saved in OUTPUT_FILES directory and will be reused (2d eikonal solver will be skipped) from the next time. <span style="color:red">So once the source receiver file is modified, it would be strongly recommended to erase all the 2d travel time data from OUTPUT_FILES directory. </span>
Otherwise there will be a risk to use wrong travel times for modified teleseismic source.
  
3. run TOMOATT in inversion mode with `input_params.yml`, by the command
``` bash
mpirun -n 8 ../../build/TOMOATT -i input_params.yml
```
The volumetric output data is again saved in the file `OUTPUT_FILES/out_data_sim_0.h5`.
